QuesoGLC 0.3

These are things to do by order of preference. It does not mean however that
contributions should only concern the first topic nor that contributions that
are not related to this list will be rejected.
Topics that are prepended by (?) are suggestions and I am not sure if they are
really needed.

1. Write an extensive set of test programs
2. Unicode support needs much better support than what has been done so far
   2.1. The so-called "bidi" algorithm have to be included in order to handle
        strings that are coded in multiple languages
   2.2. (?) QuesoGLC should support the BOM (Byte Order Mask) at the beginning
        of a string (0xFEFF : legal character, 0xFFFE :  illegal character)
   2.3. (?) QuesoGLC should support the combining characters (see technical note
	UAX #15 "Unicode Normalization" on the Unicode web site).
   2.4. QuesoGLC should be conformant with Unicode standard and should pass the
        conformance tests defined in www.unicode.org
3. Improve performance
   3.1. Use FreeType cache system, in order not to load/unload face files too
	much
   3.2. Use a common database to store fonts and masters so that no redundant
	information is stored from one thread to another one.
   3.3. Use binary trees to improve search delay of display lists and textures.
   3.4. Use a cache to store the pictures used when drawing glyphs with
	GLC_BITMAP
4. (?) Use setjmp/longjmp to manage memory-related errors.
5. Try to optimize texture memory : draw several glyphs on each texture in
   order to minimize unused texture space.
6. Try to make Fontconfig optional, QuesoGLC should use the X font server (xfs)
   and 'fonts.dir' files to locate files if Fontconfig is not available.
7. Use an algorithm to determine the approximate size of the character on the
   screen in order to compute an optimal size in points for a better use of the
   FreeType hinter.
8. Separate platform specific code from the main code set.
9. (?) When a fatal error occurs inside QuesoGLC, it should do something more
   friendly than brute-force exiting.
10. (?) Check that OpenGL is 1.1 or better and glX is 1.2 or better.
